Added documentation for using ARM Compiler 5 with 5.12 release (#999)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/tools_intro.md

Mbed OS 5 can be built with various toolchains. The currently supported versions are:

- [Arm compiler 6.11 (default ARM toolchain)](https://developer.arm.com/products/software-development-tools/compilers/arm-compiler/downloads/version-6).

> - [Arm compiler 5.06 update 6 (to be deprecated in the future)](https://developer.arm.com/products/software-development-tools/compilers/arm-compiler-5/downloads).

Reviewer: This strikes me as odd: how is "to be deprecated in the future" different from "deprecated"? My understanding of deprecated is that it means: discourage the use of in favor of a newer or better alternative.

Author: @theotherjimmy - My understanding is that its not deprecated yet as we still have targets still compiling with ARMC5, but will be deprecated soon. This provides the warning that developers should actively look into moving to ARMC6 toolchain. Once we have all targets moved to ARMC6 we will probably say its deprecated and remove it completely in the release afterwards. 
@MarceloSalazar - Do you have more comments on this?

Reviewer 2: @SenRamakri 
The important point here is that Arm Compiler 5 is still supported in 5.12.
As you've incorporated this already, I don't have more comments. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: Btw, the correct name of the toolchain is "Arm Compiler" - with "C" upper case - see links.

Reviewer: If we know something will be discouraged in favor of an alternative, how is that not discouraging it's use already? That's my point really: that telling people it'll be discouraged in the future is the same as discouraging it's use now. I'm pretty sure this verbiage is common, so I'm not going to block on such a bike shed.

<div style="background-color:#F3F3F3; text-align:left; vertical-align: middle; padding:15px 30px;"> **Note:** Arm Compiler 6 is the default ARM toolchain for Mbed OS development. Most Mbed OS platforms are already compatible with Arm Compiler 6. Some existing targets still supporting Arm Compiler 5 will also be migrated to ARM Compiler 6 in the future. Please be aware that you must use Arm Compiler 6 for future development, and we will validate all code contributions to Mbed OS with Arm Compiler 6. We encourage you to switch to Arm Compiler 6 soon because we will deprecate Arm Compiler 5 support in the future. However, if you need to update to Mbed OS 5.12 but still require compiling with Arm Compiler 5 until you are in possession of Arm Compiler 6, we provide methods to override the Arm toolchain version. If you do this, your target may not be able to compile with Arm Compiler 5, or you may see undefined behaviors.

To force Arm Compiler 5, you can create or update your `mbed_app.json` with:

```
{
  "target_overrides": {
      "*": {
          "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]
      }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: I moved the porting content out in another PR: https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os-5-docs/pull/1013

You can export your project from any of our tools to third party tools. For instructions, as well as tool-specific information, see [the Exporting to third party toolchains page](exporting.html).

#### Forcing compilation with ARM Compiler 5 for targets already supporting ARM Compiler 6

> It's possible that some developers may need to update to Mbed 5.12 release but still requires compiling with ARM Compiler 5 until they are in possession of ARM Compiler 6.

Reviewer 4: Could we add a list of currently known targets that cannot be used with ARMC6 yet (IIRC.. PSoC6, KW24D, any others) ?

Author: @ashok-rao - I think we should not capture that list explicitly here as we plan to move the rest of the targets to ARMC6 soon, updating the list as each target gets moved into ARMC6 might be error-prone or we may miss it and docs also need re-publishing. Instead, the mbed_targets.md captures the fact that if the supported_toolchains contains ARMC5 the target uses ARMC5. In addition you can also list the toolchain support for targets using the command "mbed config -S" which is already documented.

be able to compile with ARM Compiler 5 or you may see undefined behaviors. In other cases, if you want to try force ARM Compiler 5 you can do so with the following options:

##### By creating a mbed_app.json to override `supported_toolchains`

In this method, you can create or update your `mbed_app.json` with the following content. Note that you can still keep other entries such as `GCC_ARM` or `IAR` while overriding `supported_toolchains` as below.

```
{
  "target_overrides": {
      "*": {
          "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]
      }
  }
}
```

##### By local modifications to `targets.json`

In this method, you have to modify the `supported_toolchains` entry for your target in targets.json to remove all `ARM`, `ARMC6` entries and replace it with `ARMC5`. Note that you can still keep other entries such as `GCC_ARM` or `IAR`.

See below for example:
```
"MY_TARGET_NAME": {
        "supported_form_factors": [...],
        "core": "Cortex-M4",
        "supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"],
        ...
}
```

> <span class="note"> **Note:** The above methods to override ARM toolchain version is made available only to enable developers migrating from ARM Compiler 5 to ARM Compiler 6. Future releases of Mbed OS may remove

Reviewer 5: Can this be rephrased to reflect the Product Management direction, e.g. "We encourage you to plan to make use of ARM Compiler 6 soon. We do plan to deprecate ARM Compiler 5 support in the future and this migration would ensure that your software is compatible with it."

Reviewer 6: Agree with softening of tone, but still pressing the message.

You can export your project from any of our tools to third party tools. For instructions, as well as tool-specific information, see [the Exporting to third party toolchains page](exporting.html).

<div style="background-color:#F3F3F3; text-align:left; vertical-align: middle; padding:15px 30px;"> **Note:** We encourage you to switch to Arm Compiler 6 soon because we will deprecate Arm Compiler 5 support in the future. However, if you need to update to Mbed OS 5.12 but still require compiling with Arm Compiler 5 until you are in possession of Arm Compiler 6, we provide methods to override the Arm toolchain version. If you do this, your target may not be able to compile with Arm Compiler 5, or you may see undefined behaviors.

To force Arm Compiler 5, you can use the following options:

- Create or update your `mbed_app.json` with:

```
{
  "target_overrides": {
      "*": {
          "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]
      }
  }
}
```

> - Modify the `supported_toolchains` entry in targets.json to replace all `ARM`, `ARMC6` entries with `ARMC5`: 

Reviewer 3: Shall I create a new PR moving this to porting?

Reviewer 3: Or would config be a better location? We do talk about target.json here: https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/development/reference/adding-and-configuring-targets.html

Reviewer: That's porting documentation. It talks about how to port targets.

> - For porting a target that cannot use Arm Compiler 6 at this time, modify the `supported_toolchains` entry in `targets.json` to replace all `ARM` and `ARMC6` entries with `ARMC5`:  

Reviewer: It's not really a modification if you're doing new target porting...

You can export your project from any of our tools to third party tools. For instructions, as well as tool-specific information, see [the Exporting to third party toolchains page](exporting.html).

> #### Forcing compilation with ARM Compiler 5 for targets already supporting ARM Compiler 6

Reviewer 3: Can we make this a note and shorten it?

Maybe something like:

<span class="note"> **Note:** We encourage you to switch to Arm Compiler 6 soon because we will deprecate Arm Compiler 5 support in the future. However, if you need to update to Mbed OS 5.12 but still require compiling with Arm Compiler 5 until you are in possession of Arm Compiler 6, we provide methods to override the Arm toolchain version. If you do this, your target may not be able to compile with Arm Compiler 5, or you may see undefined behaviors.</span>

To force Arm Compiler 5, you can use the following options:

- Create or update your `mbed_app.json` with:

```
{
  "target_overrides": {
      "*": {
          "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]
      }
  }
}
```

- Modify the `supported_toolchains` entry in targets.json to replace all `ARM`, `ARMC6` entries with `ARMC5`: 

```
"MY_TARGET_NAME": {
        "supported_form_factors": [...],
        "core": "Cortex-M4",
        "supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"],
        ...
}
```

Reviewer: See my comment below about `targets.json` modifications. I think that bit may need to move to target porting.

Author: @ChiefBureaucraticOfficer @screamerbg - Please review if the shortened note of the content provided by @AnotherButler above works. 

@theotherjimmy - I don't think this belongs in porting section just because we refer targets.json. Also it makes hard to find if its in porting section as this would be the page most people would land on to find compiler info.

Reviewer 7: Should a modification above to mbed_app.json be enough? Just testing mbed-os-example-blinky with that on mbed OS master (b80c961da) and it still fails to build on ARMC5.
```
mbed compile -m K64F -t ARMC5
<..>
make.py: error: argument -t/--tool: ARMC5 is not a supported toolchain. Supported toolchains are:
ARM,     ARMC6,   GCC_ARM, IAR,     uARM     
[mbed] ERROR: "/usr/bin/python" returned error.
```

Author: @TeroJaasko - Yes, please follow the changes as mentioned here to enable ARMC5 and try. By the way "-t ARMC5" is an invalid option. After adding ARMC5 to supported_toolchains you should still do "-t ARM". Please let me know if you need help with making the changes.

Reviewer 7: I already copied the ```"target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]``` to mbed_app.json and the results are no better with "-t ARM".
```
mbed compile -m K64F -t ARM
<..>
make.py: error: Could not find executable for ARMC6.
```

Diff on mbed-os-example-blinky:
```
mbed-os-example-blinky$ git diff
diff --git i/mbed_app.json w/mbed_app.json
index 3b191ff..c106c06 100644
--- i/mbed_app.json
+++ w/mbed_app.json
@@ -1,6 +1,7 @@
 {
     "target_overrides": {
         "*": {
+            "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"],
             "platform.stack-stats-enabled": true,
             "platform.heap-stats-enabled": true,
             "platform.cpu-stats-enabled": true,
```

Author: @TeroJaasko - Although we tested this in past, I tried the same thing again with the exact version you are using(b80c961da) and it appears to be working fine on my machine, and yes, the compilation works with ARMC5. And yet, I don't see anything wrong with what you are trying to do.

Author: I also tried the same on Ubuntu and that worked fine as well. So I wonder whats causing your failure :-(. One thing you can make sure is that you are in mbeb-os-example-blinky dir and not in mbed-os when doing mbed compile.

Reviewer 7: Have you tried removing ARMC6 from paths? I don't have ARMC6 at my paths by default, there are at least one ticket open where wrong compiler is used: https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/issues/10069

Author: Ah ok, that makes sense if you dont have ARMC6 configured. I believe the tools would check for ARMC6 as in this PR https://github.com/ARMmbed/mbed-os/pull/10044 , have you tried adding ARMC6 and see if that fixes the problem?

It's possible that some developers may need to update to Mbed 5.12 release but still requires compiling with ARM Compiler 5 until they are in possession of ARM Compiler 6.
In those cases, you may still be able to use ARM Compiler 5 depending on the target. If your target uses any ARM Compiler 6 specific binaries or code, then it may not
be able to compile with ARM Compiler 5 or you may see undefined behaviors. In other cases, if you want to try force ARM Compiler 5 you can do so with the following options:

##### By creating a mbed_app.json to override `supported_toolchains`

> In this method, you can create or update your `mbed_app.json` with the following content. Note that you can still keep other entries such as `GCC_ARM` or `IAR` while overriding `supported_toolchains` as below.

Reviewer: This is about ARMC5, so can we avoid mentoining GCC_ARM and IAR please?
```suggestion
In this method, you can create or update your `mbed_app.json` with the following content. Override `supported_toolchains` as below.
```

```
{
  "target_overrides": {
      "*": {

>           "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5", "GCC_ARM", "IAR"]

Reviewer: I don't think that we should encourage users to turn of GCC_ARM and IAR support for targets, especially targets that may not support them. This section is about ARMC5, let's keep it that way.

```suggestion
          "target.supported_toolchains": ["ARMC5"]
```

      }
  }
}
```

> ##### By local modifications to `targets.json`

Reviewer: We don't recommend that applications modify Mbed OS elsewhere in the documentation. Perhaps this needs to be in a porting targets section instead.
